Project Plan

Basically the idea is to do a simple example analysis of some of the bus information available
from Colorado Springs. They are online files that have static information about bus routes, including
bus stop locations, and also dynamic information about what is going on in the system. There is
no real point to looking at the dynamic information for this purpose, (plus, I can't find it on the
city web site), so at least as a starting point, just use the static information.

Forget about maps, that is too complicated. Ideally, maybe it could have something like a comparison
between the bus stop locations and frequency of bus arrivals at each stop, in relation to the population
within some area around the stop. But that is too hard for now.

So the goal is to do something simpler that involves opening and parsing and reading from the files.

Would be nice to use my theory about vector space norms.  :-)

Output needs to be tabular, to avoid hassles about drawing pictures.

So maybe something like fit the stop physical location to an area--variable sized cells. Then calculate
for each cell the number of times a bus stops. That would give a crude estimate of the density (area per arrival)
for each individual stop. Question would be how to do that calculation. Probably already published.

Then the output would just be the list of stops and their individual densities.

It is a Voronoi diagram. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voronoi_diagram

Use discrete Manhattan norm and find the regions by iteration. Start by trying different macro-regions to see what it takes to get about 5 points into each region. Then prune the work list so you only work with the five.

No, that is too complicated. Just divide the area into a bunch of square regions, and report whether they have
a bus stop or not.

Next question is whether there is already a Python library for reading the information in the bus
database files. https://developers.google.com/transit/gtfs/reference?csw=1

Yes: https://github.com/google/transitfeed

